Implement override keyword (#7563)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

 * Standard JSON Interface: Add option to disable or choose hash method between IPFS and Swarm for the bytecode metadata.
 * Syntax: ``push(element)`` for dynamic storage arrays do not return the new length anymore.
 * Type checker: Resulting type of exponentiation is equal to the type of the base. Also allow signed types for the base.

>  * Language Feature: When overriding a function, the new keyword ``override`` must now be used. When overriding a function defined in different bases, all bases must be listed in braces after the keyword like so: ``override(base1, base2)``

Reviewer: I think it should also mention modifiers. Maybe two entries?

Author: hmm I think just adding "or modifier" is enough.. they behave almost the same...

>  * Language Feature: When overriding a function or modifier, the new keyword ``override`` must now be used. When overriding a function or modifier defined in different bases, all bases must be listed in braces after the keyword like so: ``override(base1, base2)``

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 * Language Feature: When overriding a function or modifier, the new keyword ``override`` must be used. When overriding a function or modifier defined in multiple parallel bases, all bases must be listed in parentheses after the keyword like so: ``override(base1, base2)``
```
